GT NavaTech
====
Over the years, Georgia Tech has grown as a campus and in student population. As a result, many students and visitors often faced with difficulties in finding building locations and discovering short route to their destinations. While campus maps are effective, no one at a given time has one on hand. Locating a building on the map can be tedious and the map has become more complicated as more and more buildings continuously added to Tech’s campus. Our team proposes a mobile app that would allow users to not only find the building that they are looking for, but also help them decide whether or not they are better off walking or taking other forms of transportations to their destination. To increase the functionality, the app will inform the user what bus stop they need to get off of on. Or, if they decide not to take the bus, it will provide a suggested route with directions for walking or biking.

One of the big obstacles the team could potentially face is a severe drop off in users once they’ve already discovered the shortest routes to various buildings on campus. However, with construction on campus being an everyday affair, the campus seems to be getting modified more often than one would think. Being in the heart of Atlanta leads to Tech being plagued with bad traffic during rush hour or when a major event is happening within the city. Within Tech’s campus, users will be able to see in real time the effects of traffic and weather reflected through bus arrival times or on-screen maps. Hopefully, our app will provide means in which users are able to make informed decisions.

Prototype
====

The mobile web app is a responsive webpage designed through Foundation Grid. Foundation Grid allows the page to be changed depending on screen size. For the sake of rapid prototyping, this was the best option for spining up something users can interact with quickly. Developing an android app would be the next step in terms of a final product. The backend of the webapp is driven through Parse, an online database that has the ability to received interactions created through JavaScript. See https://parse.com/docs/js_guide for full documentation for Parse using JavaScript.

Within the prototype, we intend to have users accomplish two key user task that go hand in hand with our user goals. First, we want the user to navigate to a location from the home screen, either using their current location or by chosing their own from address. We also want the user to create a schedule and navigate to locations through that interface. 